Rerun transcriptomic-dimension-reduction and selection-strategy-comparison with v12 data (#366)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: analyses/selection-strategy-comparison/README.md

## Explore RNA-seq selection strategies

**Module author:** Joshua Shapiro ([@jashapiro](https://github.com/jashapiro))

> This analysis was originally undertaken prior to [`release-v5-20190924`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/master/doc/release-notes.md#release-v5-20190924), where samples from the two library strategies (stranded, poly-A) were split into separate files.

Reviewer: The wording is slightly ambiguous to me so I've written what I think this means. Feel free to edit the wording itself, just wanted clarification on what lead to what. 
```suggestion
This analysis was originally undertaken prior to [`release-v5-20190924`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/master/doc/release-notes.md#release-v5-20190924). 
Data releases prior to v5 had samples from the two library strategies (stranded, poly-A) in the same file, but due to the findings of this analysis, libraries of different strategies were split into separate files in the subsequent data releases. 
```

> This split was necessary because differences were apparent in this analysis.

Reviewer: If you take the wording above you can probably delete this sentence. 
```suggestion
```
